Has to be the best CS prof in UD Extremely caring He annotates his slides during class and posts both them and the vid. Will always help you if you have problems with anything. Explains everything very clearly. People complaining about him just don't put in the work It's not an easy A but if you just pay attention and do the work it will be easy A

Sethi is a very good prof. He does a good job in teaching and practicing the material, but the beginning of the class might have been a little bit weed-out. I get many mixed signals on whether I should give him a good or bad rating, but overall I feel like I learned a lot and he truly is a caring person about your grades and your learning.


Explains everything very well and doesn't just read of the slides The lab was really easy you should get an ez 100 on that Homework is also easy if you r paying attention and he posts his annotated slides which helps exams need more effort but he curves

If you read textbooks religiously you should be fine. But otherwise you have a very low chance to pass.

Apparently he is good in other classes. But for 360 he really only explains the surface level with generic examples. Then he proceeds to give us problems that require a very in depth knowledge of the subject and that he has not gone over an example similar to it.

Reading off slides, no projects or anything else really makes course boring.

Sethi is more concerned about someone possibly cheating than being a good instructor. He will not share solutions to problems, and will give very vague ideas of what you should do only if pressed. Obviously, he values rote memorization over actual learning, and really put a substandard course together for 360. Very disappointing.

Great guy. he has super detailed lectures and is always willing to go back and explain things. One of the most universally liked professors ive had so far. There's an in-class assignment at least once a week that counts for a good chunk your grade so definitely GO TO CLASS. Its an interesting subject so the 75 minutes goes by quick

Professor Sethi is the Networks master, hands down. Every single one of his lectures is well detailed so that you won't be lost with the topics. He also has his notes well organized so when you have to study for an exam, you won't be lost when looking for information. Assignments are tough, but written with great detail so you don't get lost.

Sethi is THE professor to take networks with. He knows his stuff, and goes over everything twice to clear up any confusion. ATTEND CLASS, even through he puts the lectures up, he adds a lot of info during class that you cant get from the slides. Go to class + put in some work pass the class

Many homework and tough programming projects. Teaches a lot of information and asks for it in the exams. Completes lectures in class, so if you skip class you will not get the complete lecture slides.

Nice person, extremely helpful. But kinda of mean on homework grade. Besides, course content is hard.

Very helpful, Course was very interesting, material can be a little challenging at first, but he is more than willing to help outside of class. Also he is very understanding, teaches real world scenarios. Definitely a good choice for a tech elective or major requirement. Just keep up with the work and you will do fine.

The tests are relatively easy for comp sci. The homework is so so. The programming projects are the only thing that make this class hard and will pull your grade way down if you can't do them well.

Great professor. Class was straight forward, the projects were difficult but he did alot to help you get started.