Decent professor and the class is easy. However, you will wear your soul down to a toothpick reading Perusalls. This class is required for everyone who takes it, so no way out of this--but expect to do 4 readings a week with each taking about 30 minutes in a tiny font of an extremely boring textbook.

This guy is actually so funny. Like he's so chill and just a really great guy. He teaches well if you ask him about stuff. He uses insane metaphors which are really funny and help you understand what he's saying.

This guy is genuinely the rudest professor ever. His grading scale is so odd and he hides things about grading. he's very rude and never offers to help anyone who's confused. do not take this guy

I feel like Roosen does go on a bit of tangents, but those tangents are intresting. Most of the learning will be done in the perusalls, quizzes, and assignments. The lectures are there if you want to ask him questions in depth in class. I feel he is a fair teacher if you are a diligent student.

He's fairly good. Occasionally has a bit of a smug attitude but is generally willing to help. Not uncommon for him to go off on tangents during lectures. The lectures themselves can feel loaded w/ unnecessary info; pay attention to the assigned readings because most of your learning will come from there. Final project was annoying. Quiz every week.

I had him for this class twice and even knowing exactly what to do somehow I was still confused. He is honestly the worst and gives no help. He is very pretentious and has a smug attitude. Would never take any class he teaches ever.

I hate this guy. He makes classes that he teaches impossible to pass.

Avoid him if you can. It is not a difficult course, just very grueling and his lectures make it worse. He does not care to take the time to help you grasp/understand the content. If you have a problem/are having trouble, don't bother going to him for help. He will leave you more frustrated than when you started.

Had him for 210 and 361. Prof. Roosen overall was very knowledgeable and teaches well, but he does have a little bit of a smug attitude that some may not like. I did prefer my 361 class with him since it was in person while my 210 class was virtual. Overall, as long as you show up, practice the concepts and do the homework/projects, you'll be fine.

Prof. Roosen is great! There are plenty of extra credit opportunities in the course. To succeed, make sure that you start the projects early. The way Prof. Roosen explained the Linux terminal and the C programming language worked for me since I liked his analogies. Overall, the course is fair, Roosen acts in good faith.

Not a terribly difficult professor but he throws a lot of work at you. The final was pretty light and isn't worth too much. As long as you stay on top of work, you'll be fine.

The class is easy to get a good grade in if you just do the projects, but they can be really confusing cause he teaches things that you need to know to do them AFTER you do the project. I had him in person cause I'm in the honors sections which from what I heard made it a much more enjoyable class. He is super nice, funny and flexible.

One of my complaints about CISC210 2 years ago was that I did not like the zoom format and felt it should be in person. Now that I've taken... basically an extension of 210 in person, I liked it more. Basically, do the Perusals, Bart surveys and DEFINITELY do the assignments, and as long as you do them, just do ok on the exams and you're golden.

He was better in this than 210 mostly because its an easier class and you know all the basics. Do the readings and attend class as thats an easy 25% of your grade secured for free. Other than that just prep well for the exams and do your projects and you should get a B minimum. Its hard to do bad in this class.

I did not enjoy taking Roosens class. It's completely online on zoom when it should really be in person. He is very stubborn with answering questions in office hours and his grading criteria is very tedious for the students.

Roosen was a very tedious professor. His lectures were boring, and if you don't pay attention, you're cooked, I can't lie. Unfortunately, if you are a CISC major, this class is unavoidable, so if you can get through it, you'll be alright, you won't enjoy it, unfortunately.

He might be the worst CISC Professor at this school. Unfortunately, C is a super important language, and this is a serious gateway class that locks multiple classes. He does an awful job of explaining topics. He also makes you do pointless projects on a Raspberry PI, which you will never use in your life again. TERRIBLE LECTURER, so boring.