If you have any questions in this class ask a TA, or ask someone in your class for help. Pr. Bart has made his classroom environment so that you must be scared to ask any questions in fear he will not like your question.

Pr. Bart added an "exam", where if you do not pass you will not be put in a final group project, and thus must audit or withdraw from the class. Mind you the "exam" is not counted toward your final grade and is weeks after the drop add period so if you do not understand the specific framework you lose the money you spent for the class.

This class really required you to put in a lot of effort, and Dr. Bart, as well as the TA for the course, was willing to help you out if you showed genuine effort, so you weren't alone. The final project involved working in a group, and what I really liked was that he made sure to penalize group members who did little to no work grade-wise.

dr bart is loves to give harsh feedback/grading. when i ask questions in office hours or class, he is often dismissive.

This professor is like if Lex Luthor were a comp sci professor. So condescending for no reason, asking a question feels like a punishment in this class. His teaching method would have been amazing in 2007, but now it just feels like torture. I wish that it was not an option to have him as a professor.

The professor can come across as intimidating when answering questions, and sometimes responses feel dismissive, which made it harder to participate in class. The course also relies heavily on a custom framework that can be difficult to work with. If you take this class, be ready to go to office hours the TA's are the only ones who can help.

Grading was adjusted with a curve. Some evaluation methods, such as handwritten React code, emphasized theory more than practical application.

Bart forces freshman CS majors to use his terrible "Webz" curriculum for CISC181. The textbook is riddled with typos and errors, the homeworks are unnecessarily complicated, and the final project with Webz is horribly designed. It seems Bart wants to push his terrible curriculum on students instead of using regular HTML, CSS, and Typescript.

He is definitely condescending at times but only if you are asking dumb questions. He is the best computer science professor I have had. There is one homework a week and it is pretty easy. I am surprised with how structured this class was considering this was the first year they taught TypeScript. The final project was DIFFICULT.

Although the class was quite easy, Bart is a very terrible professor. He is very condescending and gets annoyed at every little thing.

I just really don't like him. The class is really boring, sorry, and he's honestly a bit insufferable. He acts condescending and makes you feel dumb for not understanding a new concept. He's previously had good reviews, but who knows, maybe he fell off.

I took this class as an intro class for CISC 108, and it honestly made my first semester so hard: There was way too much homework each week, and for this I would recommend going to the TA's as they really are the ones teaching this course too you, since Bart really does not teach at all. His lectures are pointless, but you must still go.

Online textbook for 108 is set up very well so if you stay on top of the assignments, you'll do well. It's easy to get a good grade if you get the assignments done early and give yourself time to ask any questions. Bart can come across rather condescending and passive aggressive when you ask him a question, as if he feels you should already know.


Took Honors 108 - Easy class but could have learned everything online. Lectures and labs are useless but attendance to them is mandatory. Bart himself is arrogant and has a huge ego. Acts hostile to students who ask questions and expects us to know everything already. Also makes you use his awful python libraries he designed himself for some reason

Dr. Bart made this class a very good introduction for people who don't really know anything about computer science. Very friendly and passionate about the content. Lectures are more focused on the collaborative/community aspects of CS rather than course content. Had condescending comments here or there but approachable overall. Super reachable too.

The best way I can describe him is the kid in high school that got bullied and now takes his anger out on students. Very condescending and passive aggressive almost all the time. 108 is an entry level course, but he treats it like a postgraduate course. Not bad at teaching, but his attitude is terrible.

Dr. Bart was a great professor! His lectures were easy to follow and there was plenty of practice for the concepts we learned on BlockPy (which he created). I already had programming experience before this class so it wasn't hard for me, but even if you are coming in with no experience, you'll do fine if you do the work and practice the concepts.

Lectures and discussions were almost completely useless, most of the class it taught through the online textbook. I found the exams to be quite easy and Bart did seem to be very helpful when asked questions. The online textbook was a bit of helpful and homework was also very easy.

Everyone speaks highly of Bart so I was looking forward to this class but he doesn't really teach a lot, his feedback is mixed with passive aggressive comments and the grades I earned were basically because of what I had learned over high-school.