Professor Rasmussen was nice and very knowledgable on Computer Vision topics (probably because he mentioned it was his main area of research). Grading was also fair overall. I do wish that lectures had more interactive work to help the concepts click more though. You do get a single-side note sheet for exams and he'll curve if the average is low.

Just. Horrific.

Class is difficult, but manageable. HW (5) & Tests (2) make up 60/40%-split. Currently 50/50 OpenGL/Blender work, but there may be more Blender in future. Ideal for those who want to understand Graphics Engines, but artists may be able to get something out of it. It was one of my favorite courses, but expect to put a lot of work in. Overall 8-9/10.

CISC440 is a difficult class as others have pointed out, but Rasmussen is a great professor. He definitely knows what he's talking about, and makes all the information you need accessible. This was possibly the most difficult class I've taken, but it was also one of the best, and Rasmussen made it so with interesting lectures and assignments.

Great professor, but wow is graphics a hard class. Everything you need to know is on the slides, and make sure you know exactly what's going on in the slides to do well on the 2 exams. The exam averages are often low, but I think he plans it that way and curves at the end. Homework is difficult and worth 60%; OpenGL documentation is a lifesaver

 dont mind Rasmussen. He seems really passionate about graphics and shows us a lot of real life examples of techniques taught in class. However, this is the hardest class ive ever taken. Homework is impossible. It is a mixed grad and undergrad so the grading scale is wack. Its not rasmussen you should watch out for, its the horrible TA's

Summary is that the class is fine and relatively easy. However, the grading becomes a little interesting since it is both vague and unpredictable. Avoid if having a Better option. In other classes, he might be nice.

 got a B-, but ended up with an A- after the curve. The prof uploads all of his lectures/notes online, so there's almost no reason to go to class. Go anyways--he's a decent teach and a nice guy. The labs are probably the most difficult part of this course, so definitely go to OH and/or partner up with someone else in the class for help.

there is a man called christopher rasmussen, who destroyed my dream to be a graphic designer

Prof. Rasmussen is a good lecturer, but you need to attend class and pay attention. He puts his PPTs online so review those when completing labs. Also, you must ASK for help if you need it. I waited until I was very behind on work to do so, which was a big mistake, especially since I found upon asking that he was very helpful and generous.

He actually was not a bad lecturer, and the material was interesting. But his labs were incredibly difficult, and the instructions that he gave were almost always vague. This class was on data structures, but the most cumbersome and difficult part definitely came from the coding. He's a bit arrogant, but he curves at the end.

A good teacher who really challenges students! His labs/projects consist of a monotonous task or two and then a game. It is really up to you to make this class fun...but he gives you all the tools you need. If you want an easy comp sci experience go elsewhere. If you want to really learn Java, take it with him.

Keeps you the whole lecture and his examples are done already so you wont know how to get from point A to B. His exams are half definition and half code(seriously) so know the definitions. Labs are very hard if you arent good at Comp Sci. Labs are not mandatory attendance but there is a curve in the class. Half the labs can be done in partners

Nice guy, interesting class. Labs were a bit out there, dealing with AI, maze generation, and file compression.This required massive amounts of buggy framework code and other libraries that might not work depending on your compiler, system, or what seemed like chance. The labs were difficult enough, and questions were sometimes slow to be answered.

He's a nice guy, but it was his first time teaching 181, so he wasn't too great at it. He went a little off the norm to show us different libraries, but didn't teach them, the projects revolved around them, and then they weren't tested on exams. I'd recommend someone else for 181.

He is such a horrible teacher. Ethics is an easy class to get by butits so boring and we go over almost the same stuff every week. the grading scale is the most ridiculous thing Ive ever seen. He grades out of 2.5, 3, or 5. stupid. Lastly, if you say something constructive he will pick at it and try to make you sound wrong. Dont take it with him.

Ethics was an easy class but he was unclear at times and his grading scale was awful. Easiest class ever but he graded everything out of 3 or 5. So if you get the slightest thing wrong you end up with a B or C. If something is worth 3% of the final grade he makes it out of 3 points so if you get a 1 on it you lost 2% of you final grade already.