Low workload (2 exams, 1 coding assignment, 4 homeworks) and homework was moreso graded on effort than correctness. Silber is a great professor who clearly understands and explains the material. My only issue is class can be repetitive sometimes so lectures can get a little boring but he really does try to make sure everyone understands the topic.
Had him for 260 and 320. It's not hard to see why a lot of students like Professor Silber. He's very knowledgeable with the content he teaches and is always willing to help students. That being said, I don't like his style of teaching. There were very few practice assignments to reinforce the concepts which made it a lot harder to understand them.
He's a nice professor but all he does is read off his slides. He says one thing isn't going to be on the exam but then puts it on the exam anyway.
As a person, Silber is pretty great. Had him for another CISC class that wasn't bad either, but him and CISC260 is a bad combination. It gets very boring very fast. It's just straight lectures on an already difficult, and kinda boring topic. little unorganized too. allows cheat sheet for exam. Final was broad and surface level, and kinda weird.
There's only 2 exams and 3 programming projects (which were all pretty easy and didn't take much time) and 1 or 2 hw assignments. Overall this class didn't require much and was better than I expected. Some things went over my head but for the most part Silber teaches really well and is understanding toward students.
Great and understanding guy. Exams are a little rough but he always goes over what is going to be on an exam. gives one a week assignments as grades/hw's. Responds to emails very fast and is always willing to help. Only negative is his lectures are a little boring. He re-reads the slides then explains it in depth.
Very great and helpful professor! He increased my confidence in my abilities in computer science. He always helps and explains properly, understands the material very well, and explains it clearly. He even puts in effort to make his lectures interesting and participative for everyone. I would definitely recommend him, 100 percent.
Silber is a great professor and probably the best in the cisc department. He is very laidback and cares a lot about his students. Even though the content of the class may be boring, Silber tries his best to make it engaging and funny. Only complaint I have is that it is kind of hard to reach him through email but he is great in person.
For my class essentially being typescript guinnea pigs, this class was genuenly really fun. It renewed my faith in computer science after my middling experience with 108. Silber also made my actually enjoy web development, even though that wasnt even the main part of the course at all. Funny dude, felt like an uncle. Highly reccomend.
He has set up classes in a way that helped me learn much easier than others. He is almost always available and has a cool uncle energy that makes him not only approachable but also very patient with any questions or concerns you have.
He's nice but his exams are pretty bad. The assignments were easy but nothing like it was on the exam.
Dr. Silber is awesome! He is pretty explicit about what to be prepared for on the exams and whatnot. Personally, I thought the class itself was kind of hard, but I managed to get an A because he rounded me up (I was off by 0.1%). He is also very accessible outside of class by appointment and office hours.
Silber is the GOAT! He is incredibly intelligent and makes learning complex topics an easy time. This is my second semester with Silber, and I hope it's not my last
Professor Silber is really nice and willing to work with you over things you're struggling to understand. It's evident he genuinely cares for the success of his students, but his lectures tend to draw out and it becomes really boring to pay attention for a long period. Grading is slow, but he allows cheat sheets on exams. There's a midterm + final.
If you are overloaded with classes and arent confident with cisc, Take this professor. projects are easy with office help which he provides with TA's aswell and the exams are so light. did not study and would get 70's. passed with a High B with minimal effort as a person with no knowledge before of anything computer science
