Had him for 181, 275, and 367. For 181, he was pretty good despite being a new professor at the time. For 275 and 367 (both software engineering based classes), he was fantastic! I could tell that SE was more of his area of expertise. He did a great job teaching Agile for 275 and 367 had us contribute to the UD CIS Discord Server bot (Sage)!

This is what... my third time having Aromando as a professor here, and the fall will mark the 4th. Wow! Anywho, if you've taken 275, this is pretty similar, but now he's more stingy on the grading. Just do the work and work well with your group. Coding Sage is fun!

John is a nice professor who's very approachable tho sometimes instructions on assignments were vague and his answers to questions weren't always useful. Still, I liked his class and would recommend it. Heads up u spend most of the semester working on 1 group project so I would try to take the class with friends so u aren't stuck with bad members.

CISC275 with Aromando is great. It's a great course in general. My only complaint was that the in class lectures seemed pointless at times. Also he is just a bit of a picky grader at times, but overall pretty easy to get an A if you try.

I had John last year in CISC181, and I thought he was pretty good. I gave him a 4 out of 5. This year he was even better and was made to teach this course. He did an amazing job of setting up the stages of the project development and made the course be much more like the real world. Amazing! 100% would take again!

Aromando is the absolute GOAT. This is the first CISC class where I felt my work had real-world applications. Most of the learning you do is through applying your own knowledge and skills. He does an amazing job simulating the stages of product development. I would 100% take this class again.

Professor Aromando was very good with his material when it comes to learning Java. He also is very good with answering questions you may have. He also sometime cracks jokes during lecture, making lecture worth it. The only thing holding him back from being a 5/5 is his LACK OF A COSTCO CARD!

Prof Aromando seemed like he wanted to do a lot more but was restricted by the curriculum. Lecture was kind of pointless and much of the actually learning comes from the assignments you do outside of class. If you understand how to code you'll do fine. Although there is no attendance, you do group assignments that are super annoying and pointless.

CISC106 was stressful but fun at the same time. There were A LOT of coding assignments and 3 projects. If you allow yourself to learn and practice, coding in python will not be too difficult. Prof. Aromando was kind, but his lectures were pretty boring. Practicums/lectures are easy to follow for easy points. Apply yourself and you will do great!


The class was a lot of work at times but if you understand it, it will come easy. I was able to understand it after working on comp sci but if you don't, it will be difficult. There is a lot of programming homework that you have to self-teach yourself, lectures have work that is mandatory that he goes over but does not relate a ton to the homework

comp sci was not a super easy course for me because you kind of have to teach yourself but john is very nice with helping students when needed. he also is very chill about extensions and cares about his students

Professor Aromando is very nice and understanding. If you follow the modules and do the lectures/practicum, you'll be fine. He's also very lenient with extensions, and the exams are super easy if you do the work. The exams also allow a cheat sheet and overall, the class is going well.

