This class is easy. You won't have a large workload; expect one homework per week and a project at the end of the semester. The exams are very easy. Expect a good grade if you put in any effort at all.

A lot of extra credit. The class is mainly self-taught through homework, with lectures covering random topics that are unlikely to appear on exams. If you find the homework easy, you will not struggle with the exams. Always willing to explain concepts that students don't understand.

Wassil is a very caring professor and will work with students to answer questions, better explain topics, or resolve issues! The course itself is very test-heavy, thankfully the worst of your five exam grades is dropped from your final grade. Learning for this course is mostly done online, outside of class.

There's not a ton of homework but always a few assignments due each week. She's very sweet but the lecture is boring and not helpful, yet you still have to attend. I went to a ton of office hours to make up attendance because I hated sitting in the lectures. This course is pretty much self study

She is a good professor but gives awful advice. If you are a bad test taker, good luck lol. Don't go to her for advice because she will tell you that there's nothing she can do to help you. Be prepared to be bored in lecture and spend alot of time outside of class doing work. Attend office hours and find a TA that you like.

very kind professor who knows her stuff and you can go to her for any question. just know that this class is entirely self-taught.

Didn't put the extra credit at end and removed bunch of easy 100s and didn't reply to my email and may other students email asking why? Attendance mandatory for a useless class where they don't teach you anything and work on useless group worksheet that don't teach you anything. Assignments and HW on blockby which was equally as bad and didn't help

Just a great professor. I had a major scare that would've meant that I would fail the class but she corrected it within a few hours after my first email after I explained the situation (Github commit issue).

Wassil is excellent. Lectures are clear and explanatory. She's very nice and provides great help when you're stuck on a problem or have a question. CISC181 itself can be frustrating at times. The online textbook has many errors & typos. Homework once a week. Final project was very annoying and felt useless. Not Wassil's fault, but just a head's up.

The homework is god awful and is just riddled with mistakes. The instructions for coding problems are unclear or just nonexistent sometimes, there's references to code that doesn't exist, we have to use a framework with zero online documentation to help us, and the unit tests are poorly written. Very frustrating even if you know OOP already.

Prof. Wassil is great at teaching computer science! She is super accessible in answering questions and wants her students to succeed.

My favorite professor this semester! I had never taken compsci before and had to go to her on multiple occasions for help or in need of an extension. She was always kind and understanding and you can tell she wants to help her students. There's alot of assignments but theyre not too hard and she and the TA's are always available to help you out.

Prof Wassil is always ready to help, but most learning and practice for this class is done outside of it. Very easy tests and you are walked through projects. Came into it with no computer science knowledge and left with a genuine interest in the subject.

Super nice and helpful and while you do learn from her, she also takes the time to get to know her students which is pretty rare.

Nice professor and does not grade hard on her exams. Helpful and caring instructor even if you do not have any experience in java. There are many groups projects beware! However, she is always available and there to answer any questions you have or help!