Had him for 304 and 481. I found both courses pretty difficult overall. For 304, I felt Prof. Decker did a good job giving us a lot of practice to help the concepts click. For 481, I did drop my rating a little because I felt that he didn't give enough practice with the concepts. I definitely recommend going to office hours for help if needed!

Homework usually takes me more than 8 hours on average to complete, and that's for every week.

I love professor Decker. As a comp sci major this class made me more excited for the rest of the program. I personally found this class easy, and easy to pass, especially with the flexible due dates and instant feedback with blockPY. He is a joy to listen to and truly cares about his students and what he talks about. Also funny and joyful.

Decker is wonderful. He provides amazingly simple, brief, and clear notes. That and the lectures is all you need to pass the course. Covers good, complex examples in lecture that always mirror the homework. DLV "programming" is something he needs more notes on, but otherwise this was a delightful course.

The reason I like this professor so much is because he gives really hard homework, but his exams are actually fair. He always made sure to go over things more than once if half the class didn't know what was going on and made sure to let us know exactly what to expect for exams.

My deepest thanks to Professor Decker for his guidance, mentoring, and support. I never had an issue doing my classes, but when it comes to research, I became a coward and shut myself down. I am grateful that he did not give up on me and gives me this elevated pitch on my research, and literally helped me word by word. He is a great advisor!

Absolutely love the brilliant ideas Professor Decker shares during our group meeting. One thing that I really appreciate is that he has a "no question is bad question" policy, he always explains the concept patiently and always maps it into something very visual. We love Decker!

He explains things clear in class and he is a very nice guy. He is very helpful if you go to his office hours. Labs count a lot towards your grade so definitely do the labs. He has clicker questions but you will get participation grade no matter right or wrong.

There are a thousand good words that I want to say to thank Professor Decker for his dedication to help me with my research. He always encourages me and helps me find the missing piece for my research. I admire how comprehensive his knowledge is, and wish I could learn from him the good sense to all the new trends in Multiagent systems applications

He truly cares about his student, whenever I encounter a problem in my project, he always works with me, takes time to dig into the issue and helps me fix it. If it is an issue that cannot be fixed right away, he gives me a clear direction of where I should go. I wish I could do better since I am so fortunate to work with such a wonderful professor

I fell in love with Multiagent Systems through this course. When I took it there was one homework and two presentation assignments. Quite luckily, both papers that I was assigned for presentation were interesting ones and I had fun preparing the slides and got great feedback from Professor Decker. I was amazed by his style in lectures :)

What would you expect from a good professor, Professor Decker has it all. He gives amazing lectures on discussing papers and Multi-agent models. He gives you his sincere advice on your work and research. He is a true advisor that you know will be there for you.

Professor Decker is a highly respectable professor, he is always willing to help and he really knows the material very well. He is an expert in Multiagent systems and cooperative problem solving . I am very grateful for his help on my research. Great Professor!

Professor Decker is the most inspirational professor! He would invite you to talk about your research interests and kindly suggest several research topics and help you figure out the best topic that works for you at the current stage. My best experience is to have a conversation with him, because he can always help me find a solution on research!

Professor Decker is a very nice professor, he gives constructive comments to your presentations and homeworks, and never say no to your questions. I especially like the way he gives lectures, very passionate. I enjoy his class.

He definitely means well, and the class starts off easily enough, but it has a very steep difficulty curve, particularly for the honors section. Because the lecture is a non-honors section, what you learn in lecture stops applying to your labs midway through the semester. The tests are fair enough, but be prepared to work for your lab grades!