I was his student in for CICS 106, an amazing professor who helped me with programming questions related to the class and even with other projects outside the course.

Professor Saponaro makes lecture entertaining. He works through the problems at a good and understanding pace, and always answers emails with questions clearly and relatively quickly. Before exams, there are always review problems that he works through and small activities that help lighten the stress of exams.

when i had him, his lectures were confusing. he rarely discussed the topics we were supposed to be learning on our coding homework and it seemed like he didn't even understand our assignments himself. even though he tries his best to explain things, he usually just made his students more confused than before. this class is so homework heavy.

He was my client for Senior Design both semesters. He was very difficult to work with & had a condescending attitude most of the time; called us a "bulls*** team" to our faces. CONSTANTLY changed the scope of the projects & gave large-scale tasks in short timeframes. Professor had to step in at times. Thankfully I never have to work with him again.

Oh god this is definitely not an easy class, but the way he teaches the class makes it worth taking. He is a good teacher and I am sure he will be a professor someday. "Keep your communicating channel open if you need help" is one thing he told me. You need to remember his fish's name, that's extra credit!

He really wants to help. He helped me through the semester and when I struggled, he told me that it is through the struggle that I truly learn. I wasn't sure about this but now I know it is true. He gave a lot of extra credit too if you show that you work hard on it. He is a gem!


He really wants to help. He helped me through the semester and when I struggled, he told me that it is through the struggle that I truly learn. I wasn't sure about this but now I know it is true. He gave a lot of extra credit too if you show that you work hard on it. He is a gem!


He really wants to help. He helped me through the semester and when I struggled, he told me that it is through the struggle that I truly learn. I wasn't sure about this but now I know it is true. He gave a lot of extra credit too if you show that you work hard on it. He is a gem!

I took Matthew's cisc106 last year. Be prepared to work hard in his class. He knows everything and is willing to help any time you ask for it. If you work hard, you will learn A LOT! Read the book and ask questions in class. So many useful coding projects that benefits me all along! He is quite a sweet person too.

Make sure your reading the book prior to class or you will be lost.


