Nazim is the best. Period. For my class, you could get 135% and need a 90% to get the highest grade of an A. You get as much out of this class as you put into it, seriously. Do most of the required work, half-ish of the remaining assignments, and discuss ethical questions to pass. Chat with Nazim, ask him about his life, his lore is WILD!

People will say that you will either love or hate Nazim. He teaches a class that HUNDREDS of students take each year. There is a lot of work at the beginning and if you cheat early you will fail the practicals and the tests later, it is as simple as that. Take the time talk to your TAs and Nazim and you will get more than coding out of this class.

The formatting of the class was difficult for me as I have never coded before. There's a lot of homework assigned because they preach practice matters, which is very true. Do not resort to using AI to compete them, work on time management instead. I was not a fan of Nazim as a professor, but he is a good guy in general.

HW is teaching yourself the CS you need to know, I didn't like this set up and wished we went over more things in the class. Make sure you do the HW and actually understand it and you'll be fine. I wasn't a fan of Nazim as a professor but he is an okay guy. TA office hours helped me the most and I recommend going to those

The first few weeks there is a lot of homework, but the homework load becomes more manageable towards the end of the semester. Some of the lectures are not very applicable to the exams, but overall I learned a lot in this course. The professor was very understanding, and would answer questions in class or office hours.

Professor Nazim was awesome! He will spend half his lecture claiming that he is there to torture you but will prove just how false that is by spending the other half ensuring everyone who asks for help gets it. He also spends the first five minutes introducing you to interesting opportunities and upcoming events on campus both in and out of CISC

Their is quite a bit of homework in this class but it is efficient in teaching how to code. You don't learn much in class but attendance is graded. Nazim is a good guy but the class could be structured better.

Tests were very easy and there was a lot of homework but it was all very easy. He's a really funny guy and if you take the class I'd try to get to know him. He is super chill and very helpful when you have questions.

I did not like the formatting of the class, but Nazim is an incredible teacher. He is so thoughtful and nice to talk to. He is an extremely caring individual and gives great feedback.

Pretty funny teacher and cares about the students. Provides opportunities for students to do things outside of the classroom. So much homework. Surveys that are for grades take forever. Topics can be hard to relate to the class.

Nazim is one of the best professors I've had in my three years here at UD. He truly cares about his students and his passion for whatever subject matter we are discussing is clear.

I did see some students more appreciated than others in class, but there is no bias in the grading. I didn't feel like I came away more learned. I felt the guest speakers were good, and made the lectures more interesting. This class is good if you have information about ethics previously, or are really engaged with professor already.

I did not learn much from Nazim due to the course being self taught but he is such a nice person who always checks in and will offer help.

I'm an engineering major and I was required to take this course even though it's not really applicable to my major. He only liked the students that already had a knowledge in computer science, taught nothing in class, and relied heavily on homework to teach us what we actually needed to know for the test, quizzes and projects.

Nazim is a nice and caring professor and he tries to make connections with his students. Although, CISC108 is really a teach yourself course. You'll mainly learn through the homework's assigned each week.

Your entire grade is just readings you do outside class. The lectures add absolutely no value whatsoever, as most of the time its random bs or a guest speaker. Only point in going is mandatory attendance. I don't understand why this is a major requirement. I learned absolutely nothing valuable. Professor is unbearable most days too. Horrible class.

In 355 there are readings & a quiz due every class, but they aren't weighted heavy & enough of them are dropped that if you try you can easily get an A. Every student has to do a presentation once in the semester, but it's graded super easy & fun to do/watch. Yellowdig is due every week, but you can easily earn extra points if you miss some weeks.